Well.
Well,
well go to your mom's house,
Christina.
Oh,
can you show me how to speak?
That's right.
Can you,
can you pick them?
Okay.
Paper was,
we could show them this big test part.
Okay.
Let's get
to,
this is fun
talking to you about
are we talking to you about?
Wow.
That was really,
wow.
So impressive.
Yeah.
That was a Mama titty farts by a k a bad friend.
It's really good.
Yeah.
Very,
very interesting.
Very good job.
I'm very impressed with your mother's flow.
Yeah.
She's a,
she's a natural,
you know,
she can,
she's a big natural.
She does have those big naturals.
I'm sad.
I find it so funny that your dad is still feels jipped by the bra that fits her
like the we,
so it's such an insight into really how his mind works.
Yeah.
Like if the Cup runneth over,
good,
but then her cup fits now and,
and he's like,
no,
I give me this,
those spillage to spillage of the test.
I want to see those tits.
He likes the Jiggle.
Yeah,
he did.
He,
now he doesn't have,
he did though.
He did provide some interesting insight into why he thinks like that.
If you paid attention there in that conversation he said,
you know,
when I was growing up or we go to the movies,
there's no such thing as nudity or bikinis.
It was just the,
the thing was,
you know,
an open shirt on a woman and some cleavage.
So it's like your,
your mind.
It's funny,
like anything,
it's all evolved in involving like your childhood,
your wires are connected,
everything and puberty and then for the rest of your life,
that's what turns you on.
And,
and,
and it goes for everything.
Like everything that's like,
that upsets you.
There's probably some tie to childhood,
you know?
Yes.
Well,
I was listening to Shirley Manson and Joe Rogan talk about how,
um,
when in in your adolescence is actually Carolyn.
But yeah,
no,
it's Shirley Manson.
When you develop your musical tastes and adolescents.
Yeah.
And because that's like a formative time for you.
That's why you tend to like the same music that you started in high.
Absolutely was way,
same way.
I don't like anything past 1994 maybe like the strokes or like you find this or
that that you enjoy,
but basically,
yeah,
you like this era.
I was just listening to golf music that I liked when I was 14 in the kitchen
before we did this.
And it's still,
it's still my jam.
That's still my mom jam.
So embarrassing.
What's wrong with the,
is it the phrase my jam?
Yeah,
of course.
But that's cool.
I thought it's a cooler.
Cool.
Well what am I supposed to say?
Like that's my song.
That's my band,
my jam,
my jam.
That's my jam.
I'm still,
I've so many things to share because I went to mom for,
to Denver with my BFF Shauna and I did a lot of,
I did a lot of big girl things.
I smoked pot for the first time and like two and a half gs.
And when I say that,
I mean I took one tiny little hit,
but it affected you,
right?
Yeah.
And we got crazy.
We watched the twilight movie,
the first one we did.
Yeah.
Edward Jacob.
I used to be team met or it and then I go to Jacob and then I go back.
What?
I said Jacob and you said absolutely not.
He member forever.
Why don't like the Edward Abandons her at some point in the movies?
Like he kind of,
he just neglects her.
I don't want to focus.
Got to eat,
man.
It's not like he leaves.
He does pussy eating.
Right.
Oh you think he went to go find other box,
other human beavers.
Now he's chased.
He's now it's all,
it's a Christian thing.
You got to watch with me.
There's like 10 movies looking really getting into it.
No,
I'm good.
It's not for dudes.
I like Harry Potter movies.
Those are the things that a lot.
Who's your favorite character?
I Dunno.
I like,
I just,
I'm fascinated by it.
We got into it a couple of Christmases ago and you watch that first one,
you're like,
that's cute.
But then as the,
as the stories progress,
it actually is just,
well first of all,
it's amazing film making,
right?
So you know,
they,
they really kill it as far as that goes.
And then the stories get better and you just get invested in it.
And it's a,
it's a wonderful hero's journey.
And I like professor Snape.
He,
his teeth remind me of yours.
Just the bottom row that he didn't have done
professor's name?
No.
What's the reactors named?
Snubby he's dead right?
Yeah,
he's dead.
Yeah.
He was such an amazing actor.
However,
the watch halter,
I could really watch him act in anything.
I know it's bothering them.
I forgot his name.
Is that part of the iron?
No,
he was so disdainful of the children,
which really I liked a lot.
And he's Super Guy.
Thien witchy I liked that.
I liked a original.
Dumbledore was,
was amazed.
The second Dumbledore.
You're like Alan Rickman.
That's his name.
What was his name?
God.
He's a good ass dead.
I know.
He died like last year.
Pretty young to be to,
to die.
When did he die?
How old?
Uh,
Alan Rickman was,
he was,
he wasn't old at all.
I mean,
what did he die?
He died 69.
Come on,
Bro.
Pancreatic cancer though.
That's a nasty one.
Fuck.
Or son of a bitch.
Dude,
you have such amazing voice control,
right?
The way that he would deliver a line and come control,
he would come so hard around those kids.
Nice.
Right.
Now,
what would you do that you're ruining this moment?
It's really terrible that you would do that.
It's disrespect.
No shrieking mandrake stuff.
Which Harry Potter movies.
This one
hits puberty and they all do a train on her.
Ron and Harry Bang
shows from teenager to adult.
Right.
This is her graduation ceremony.
And then the lady from down Abbey McGonagall,
she comes into the lesson.
This is her graduation sandwich is mine.
He drinks a special potion that there and then they're like,
now you're a awake.
That's great.
Where you go with a very special moment.
Um,
we need to be reviewing all the movies.
I feel like we could do a better job than that.
Siskel and Ebert air.
Yeah,
I think so too.
Fags.
Oops.
I'm not supposed to say that word anymore.
I know you can't help yourself.
Um,
all right,
let's get into it.
Let's get into it.
Is it Cisco and Roper?
It Roper and Hiebert?
Yeah,
there's a couple of,
actually two are dead.
Wow.
Remember when he had me?
Original?
Two guys are dead.
What's the original Osisko in Roper?
No.
Siskel and Ebert Siskel died.
Then eBird got sick.
He was all like that.
Cause he had like his jaw removed and then he died.
That was you made,
now that's your home.
I may have said Faa just now.
You don't have to spell it.
You can say it.
And then you used to make fun of his mouth cancer cause mouth.
You did for years.
I didn't make fun of that.
He had cancer.
I,
I made light of the fact that I wouldn't have photographed him because it wasn't
a good look.
It's not that you shouldn't be on television when you,
when your face is that messed up or like when you're really old sick when
you're,
when you're dying.
It's like,
I don't know why these,
you know who I think had it had a pretty good a system for,
it was a Johnny Carson when he retired.
You never saw a picture of him again if,
unless like someone hunted him down.
Yeah.
That's good.
So he got,
he got old and died.
You never knew what he looked like.
When you see these guys now that are like,
you know,
either sick or super old and,
oh yeah,
I gotta be in the spotlight.
It's so narcissistic.
It is narcissism,
narcissism.
Richard Simmons is kind of ducking out and I think people aren't letting him,
they're not letting him.
But then there was,
there was,
uh,
um,
rumors that somebody was,
you know,
taking advantage of them and all that.
The housekeeper had kidnapped him or something like that.
I don't know.
Yeah.
But Simmons has the right idea because he's aging and he just,
you know,
everyone wants to remember him is that fitness guy and the dolphin shorts.
Yeah.
You don't want to think of him as old Josh Zsa Gabor too.
She kind of faded out
with open.
Unless I'm just so excited to be here.
A Lot,
a lot to cover.
We'll go over it all.
Uh,
here we go.
Camel Jockey.
I wouldn't do that.
Don't bring it to this.
Well,
well,
well go to your mom's house.
We've told Circle
Christina.
Okay.
Gosh guys,
Nice.
Yeah.
This is a,
I guess a some type of Jesus protests.
Yeah.
It looks like he's on a college campus.
That's what I understand.
That guy giving him the finger,
right?
Oh yeah.
Nobody likes him.
Really?
There's so much going on.
This is,
uh,
Jesus.
He protests are you to the campus basically to provoke people and it's fun.
Yeah.
No,
Betsy Harry Potter for a moment.
Sure.
Don't you feel like her Miami?
Uh Huh.
And Harry would have been a better couple than Ron Weasley and her Maya knee.
Yeah,
of course.
Yeah.
Hermione is like up here.
She's intelligent.
She's hot and then kind of a loser.
Yeah,
but didn't,
they couldn't,
I mean,
who did a who did a,
I like Ron,
don't get me wrong.
Okay.
But eventually in the final one,
who did they show Harry width,
right?
He's like an adult and he's with the Asian Lady.
Had an Asian girlfriend.
No.
But in the final one,
they do like a flash forward where he's an adult and he has kids member.
Why he's winning Weasley Jenny.
Yeah.
So he and Jenny,
the Easleys,
you know that family,
then they hook up.
She's younger than him,
so that's why they don't really hook up because there's no grass.
There's no grass on her field yet.
But then once the grass grows green,
then the day back to it,
right.
That's the final movie.
And then there's a,
you know,
there's a whole new series.
Shut up.
What do you mean?
I their horcrux
there's a new,
there's a new serum messing with me.
No,
what's the show?
What is it?
Forget.
I mean,
uh,
the son of HP,
let me,
let me see.
Oh No,
I like Ron Weasley.
Don't get me wrong.
He's,
he's charming.
He's sweet,
he's vulnerable.
But I just feel like her mind,
he's such a winner and Ron's kind of like,
mm.
Like kinda not a winner like Harry.
Yeah.
No,
I feel like Harry and her mind,
you're equals
Jenny's.
Cool.
She's all right.
But let's see what the new series is called.
She's working on two new novels.
Good.
The native k wizarding community was particularly good.
The animal and plant magic.
I thought you were joking.
No,
I'm serious.
She's,
she's doing a whole new series man,
native American stuff.
The writing is an enfolded.
Uh,
what?
Empathize Fan.
No member Lisa of Harry Potter spinoff films.
Right.
Cool.
Fantastic beasts and where to find them.
MMM.
So yeah,
there's movies coming.
There's a new series coming.
She's doing a bunch of shit
now.
It's a native American theme.
Does that mean we're going to see a lot of dream catcher ski?
No,
I don't like that aesthetic.
That south western aesthetic.
Uh,
are we gonna see a lot of Bolo ties.
Okay.
I Dunno.
I don't know.
I hope not.
I Hate Butler time.
I let a case.
Okay.
That's enough for me to turn off a movie.
Me Too.
Yeah.
I hate,
I hate somebody and they're wearing one.
I hate it.
It's not going to be a long conversation.
And also on heroin.
No.
Twilight.
Yeah.
Jacob gives her a dream catcher for her bed.
And I,
I,
that's immediately when I was like,
no team Edward for Wa.
That's when you switched.
That's the first time I felt the explanation.
I can't blame you.
I don't like those.
They're ugly.
Yes.
I sat up,
I was raised you white people crackers,
we'll give them racist.
I call you Mexican six.
Is this your standard hour?
It
feels like my hour.
Right?
Yeah.
That's interesting.
There's,
by the way,
a big,
big week for big words.
I know.
I got some tweets.
People are like,
are you doing bill Maher's thing is,
are you bill Maher?
I would just drop that Willy Nilly.
I do not.
No,
no,
but he problem with how he said it is that he did it like,
like he was a black comic and yeah,
right.
To say that.
Yeah,
he did.
He did it.
Yeah.
But also a little bit,
um,
a little bit of delivering a joke like that is you do kind of,
if you're going to say it,
you've got to kind of really go for it.
Did he not go for it?
No,
no,
no.
I'm saying like he,
he,
that's how you deliver.
If you're gonna,
if you're going to say that line the way he did it,
you can't have acid will tell people what the bit is here.
Here it is right now.
I'm not going to say it anymore.
You're welcome.
We'd love to have you work in the fields with us.
That's part of that.
I'm a housemate.
Did say God
not girl,
and then he goes,
it's a job.
But it is like,
it's bold.
I mean,
look,
it's not the craziest thing I've ever heard.
I kind of liked it actually when I saw it,
I go,
oh,
I get it.
Like he's like,
we're in the field.
I don't know how.
Yeah,
I get it.
Yeah.
You're not going to say you're not going to get me to build.
Um,
I'm not,
I mean,
I'm never offended.
No,
of course it does.
Nothing but I,
I mean,
I understand when people get upset.
It's funny.
I feel like a lot of comics,
black comics,
not offended.
No,
I cannot see.
I got heard.
No one bring it up.
I was at the store after this.
No one,
no one gives a shit.
No.
It's white people that are generally outraged.
No,
I saw a lot of black people outrage,
but not black comedians.
No.
Right.
Not the comics.
Not Comics don't go like,
I cannot believe they're like,
he's a comic.
He just went for it.
You know what's so funny?
When I was working on that TBS show with Marlon Wayans and the line,
yeah.
A black comedians and that guy came out,
the owner of the,
was it the Lakers at the time?
Yeah.
No,
no.
The clippers.
Yeah.
Claire's and his girl was seen with a black guy and he called them and he used
the n word basically.
Is that what had happened?
Or she taped him.
So it was a Donald sterling sterling.
That's right.
You recorded him saying like,
you know,
I don't like you being,
don't bring black people to the arena.
And like I,
you know,
I mean,
he was pretty overtly racist about a lot of stuff.
Yes.
He was like,
I don't even care if you fuck other guys.
Just don't bring them to the fucking game.
The black guy.
So the game.
Yeah.
So,
so that happened and I was,
I was with them seeing them,
which is crazy.
So I was working with a bunch of black people at the time on that.
Black Comedians at the time,
not one of them were offended.
They're like,
oh yeah,
that,
that's just normal.
Like white people are racist.
They were offended at the fact that she ratted him out.
Yeah.
But she had snitched on him,
which I thought was really funny.
I'm like,
you guys aren't even fazed by that.
They're like,
Nah,
white people are just racist.
That's a given.
Yeah.
I mean a lot of people thinking like that.
I mean,
I'm saying that white people are Super Racist,
you know,
I think every,
whatever they really caused the shit storm there was that Bill Maher saying,
yeah,
he gets really fired up about it.
I just don't,
he's not my favorite.
Personally,
I'm not a huge fan.
I think people also,
you know,
what they get more
upset about then him saying it is when people assume like,
they,
they think that he has given himself a pass.
In other words,
that he has the card,
you know,
you fall card to say,
yeah,
yeah.
And,
and it's,
it's that point of view is further,
uh,
blown up by the fact that he publicly dates black women.
So he's always,
he's wearing flat.
So I think there's part of it.
Um,
like the sentiment of like,
do you think just because you have sex with a lot of black women,
that that gives you that liberty?
Like you're still not,
you know,
granted the freedom to say what you want.
That's what I think a lot of people can get up,
which I 100% agree.
That point of view of being like you're not in the group.
Yeah.
You can't.
And even even like we can't,
I always feel like I can't even speak on this topic because I go,
well that's the first thing.
That's the first thing that somebody would say breaking this down.
Oh,
two white people are of course.
Yeah.
Which,
you know,
I understand that too,
but I still feel like,
you know,
it's in the,
it's also in the realm of comedy.
So we have,
uh,
some rights well too.
I mean,
we can,
we can talk about whatever we want [inaudible] to shit.
Talk Shit.
For what?
No,
I look as a comedian,
I always think it's a freedom of speech.
I don't give a shit.
Say what?
There's so many things I've heard in comedy sometimes by my favorite Comedians
who say sexist jokes and everything,
but it doesn't stop me from liking them.
You just go,
okay,
that's not,
you know,
hey,
that's not for me.
I think comedians always cares kind of stuff
differently.
Yeah.
Like whenever somebody says a joke and they get in trouble,
you're still like,
okay,
because we've heard so many worse things and so many versions of that already.
Like it's not like I've never hung out in a group and somebody has made a joke
like bill made,
nobody's,
no one gets worked up,
nobody gets worked up.
But that's because the understanding is we all like each other.
We're all friends,
we're all in it.
You know what I then all malice and also like if you're going for the laugh,
like I mean people say awful things going right
for the laugh.
Yeah.
I mean I was just hanging out with somebody and they made,
they were telling me about lunch with a friend or another friend had died and
the friend that died was very close to one of the people at the lunch.
And the person told me about how they made a joke about like a joke about how
somebody at the lunch was responsible for their friend's death,
which is like a,
it's a harsh joke.
Yeah.
But you know the guy went with it cause he's a comic and realize that the
comment was made to go for a joke.
You know what I mean?
Like yes,
yes,
yes.
That's the thing.
Nobody else would have been like Jesus.
Like that guy has just died.
Well the,
the intent is always with Comedians to make people
laugh and just know that the intent is always for that end for joy at the end of
the day.
So they may miss step.
You may offend too many people.
Here's what I think.
Number one,
if it's funny,
then it's a success.
Yeah.
If the audience doesn't laugh,
you've gone too far.
And that's how you know society right now in this time and space.
They're not into what you're doing.
Yeah.
You can't say that right now.
Okay.
That's fine.
That's it.
Yeah.
Now let's go to another one,
which is Kathy Griffin who I love.
I think she's funny.
I think she's had a great career.
She's fantastic.
I think had that Trump thing been funny.
Yeah,
it would be a different story.
And I think cause she went to serious and it was like an already statement
versus like let's make this shit funny.
Cause imagine if it were funny,
it would have been like a home run.
You know?
That's the only thing I think
Jan,
you know,
I'll,
I'll say it openly.
Like I have disdain for Trump.
I think he's a fucking embarrassment and a buffoon.
I can't stand them.
Yeah.
At all.
And I don't think it's okay.
I don't think it's okay to do that to a sitting president because you can't pick
and choose based on your preferences when it's okay.
Like to do that,
to make that gesture.
It's not that I'm personally outraged,
it's just that like you have to,
you have respect for the office of president.
Yeah.
And if you are doing like decapitation,
um,
portrayals of a sitting president,
you,
it's,
it's not okay to do.
I don't,
I don't feel like
you feel like it's more of a threat.
It's like a,
it's like I don't think a death threat.
Uh,
yeah.
So I mean,
and not to a degree,
I just feel like it's in such poor taste to do that regardless of whether or not
you agree or disagree.
Right.
Present their point of views.
And,
and by the way,
I thought it was,
I was,
it was grossly done when Obama was president.
There was all these,
I saw,
you know,
new lynch things and they'd have little effigies and then,
and I thought that was,
well,
Ted Nugent,
spin hang and presidents and effigy for I,
it's just,
it's gross to do.
I don't think you should do it.
Um,
I,
like I said,
it's not that I'm personally worked up about it.
Right.
I just feel like you have to have some standard of how you treat a sitting
president.
You can say what you want about them.
Obviously not threatening them.
I feel like you can rip them apart however you feel about how stupid they are
and how they are completely,
you know,
out of like just not at all I'm capable of of their job and that how every
decision they make is,
is absolutely insane and an embarrassment and how you don't think they'll make
it even through it.
Anything you want to say about it as that,
but when you start like decapitating them and showing,
right,
right.
It's just,
it's so,
it's beyond classless.
It's,
it's just,
it's,
it's so to do to the head of state.
I don't think you should do it.
I just don't think.
Interesting.
I tend to differ with you and only because I'm,
I'm just gone free association here.
When communism fell,
I'm a big symbol of that was taking down the statues and beheading the statues,
taking down the symbolism of the oppressor of the thing you don't agree with.
So,
I don't know if Kathy also a statue is usually of a former person.
It's already the power's already been usurped or maybe it's a revolutionary
thing where you,
you're about to overthrow power structure and that's like a symbol of
overthrowing the capitated Reagan head.
That's great because you're saying like whatever.
Okay,
I hate it.
He's also dead.
He's gone.
But if you have the current sitting president and your decapitating them,
I don't really feel like that's,
I dunno.
I don't think I get,
I get the,
you're sending a message and it's a,
it's a strong one.
But,
um,
I think you have to have some level of respect for,
uh,
someone who's in power at the moment.
We may just have to agree to disagree on this one cigarette.
I don't think you have to,
you shouldn't not be able to say crazy shit.
The imagery is,
is not respectful.
Well,
that lends itself to more things like that.
And that's one of the reasons why I think it's like,
it's gets a little crazy.
You start decapitating a president in,
in obviously artistically smearing blood all over,
and then that fires up people who agree with that sentiment,
then it just lends itself to,
I mean I,
it just can make that type of action more acceptable.
And then you have like inciting violence in a sentence is a very exciting,
yeah.
You're,
you're inciting art to crime or too to go along those lines.
I Dunno.
I,
okay.
What about just disrespect now?
I like the ones,
uh,
remember that artist who had him with a tiny penis,
that was fantastic.
And that's the thing is that if it's disrespectful,
it's funny.
But if it's violence,
yes.
I don't think you shouldn't be able to disrespect the president.
So do you not like the naked tiny Peter?
I love that one.
Oh,
well that's disrespect.
I'm saying I don't feel like you shouldn't be allowed to disrespect them.
I feel like when you have like,
like really extreme violent depictions of you're sitting president,
I dunno.
I don't think that really helps.
Fair enough.
Well,
she certainly got the backlash for it,
by the way.
The backlash that I thought would come from the decapitation thing would be
things like what I'm saying like,
Hey,
I think this is pretty crazy that you're decapitating our president.
Right.
You know,
as much as I am not a fan,
I think that's pretty crazy.
I didn't think she would have to do a press conference and that she was openly
weeping in the press conference.
I,
I'm a little familiar with how Kathy's
dealt with things in the past.
She tends to be very dramatic.
I will say that,
cause I remember when she lost,
she took over the Joan Rivers show when Joel River Past Joan Rivers past and you
know,
she got fired from that show or quit or something and she made it a big,
she may be stern and she was,
if you an emotional.
So she's basically fueling it.
Yes.
And I think,
and let's be honest,
that Kathy's a very provocative comedian.
She likes to talk some shit.
She likes to throw shade.
That's her whole thing.
And I think with the Trump thing,
she was looking for a little like,
Ooh,
this is going to zing.
This is going to cause a buzz.
And I think it was a little too much buzz.
You know what I'm saying?
The blowback.
But again,
if it were funny,
I just,
then I feel like it would have been a hit.
I know it'd be so much better when I,
you know,
I guess I kind of missed part of it.
Like I saw the image,
I didn't blink when I didn't give a shit.
Like,
man,
she hates him.
Like so many people do.
They get it.
I mean,
like I really was just like,
I don't care.
Then there was like,
oh,
did you hear Kathy Kathy Griffin's in trouble?
And I was like,
oh,
okay.
And then when I saw that like there's going to be in a pile,
I was like,
Nah,
I don't know.
But I get,
I get that,
that you,
I don't think you should have a violence encouraged to sitting heads of state.
I don't think it's a good idea.
And then there you go.
Yeah.
Well I,
you know,
I feel bad for her.
I like her and I,
I hope that this kind of smooths out.
I don't.
You know what's just a fine comic then?
No,
I mean let to let it,
let her have a Gig.
She'll she'll,
she'll be fine.
She'll be fine.
What's the law?
She doesn't get to host fucking New Year's Eve or whatever.
The Anderson.
Wow.
Big Shit.
She's got many other jobs.
She'll,
she'll be fine.
Do you want to host that?
No.
I'd rather blow my brains out when you can you think of anything?
First of all,
they have to say nothing
for five hours like,
well,
this sure does look like a full house tonight.
Anderson right behind me.
You'll see the ball and you're like,
what are you fucking talking about for five hours I blow my fucking brains out
coming up.
Next one direction's going to sing their hit song like,
oh my God,
I would fucking kill.
I'd rather talking about it endlessly.
Man.
She tours constantly.
She's publishing books.
Some very successful,
she doesn't need that fucking she'll,
she's fine.
I know somebody was like huge following.
Not why,
because none of her fans would stop buying tickets to,
she's beloved.
She,
the gay community loves Kathy Griffin.
she's doing theaters.
She's fine.
She's doing great.
There are no toward,
well she cancelled them.
She did.
She did when this happened and everything.
Absolutely.
I think it's a little heavy for her right now.
So she cancelled them.
She's doing,
she's doing fine.
She's really see it.
But none of them would stop buying tickets.
The fans probably like her more of course,
because they're,
you know,
they're probably Trump as well.
It's fantastic.
She was,
I mean,
I guess who knows if these are still,
cause these are some of these are ways away community arts center or Saint
George Theater in New York later.
Yeah,
she's doing fine.
She's doing fine.
Ah,
no,
no.
Jackie's.
I liked it.
He goes,
I wouldn't do that.
[inaudible]
and then he goes,
I would never,
how come I would never do that as I'm doing that.
What?
The Gay Rainbow Flag.
You know,
it's funny.
He's a,
he's a a college level.
Kathy Griffin though.
He's just like,
he's a provocateur though.
He's just doing that to get a reaction.
Yeah.
She's got the jokes though.
She is.
No,
I know,
but it's,
it is to incite a reaction.
That's,
that's all he's doing.
Oh,
I love that.
People get mad at that.
That guy like he's just a fucking subway act,
you know what I mean?
Like some lunatic and a fucking car and he's going to where they like they
didn't come see him.
He just went to like the student union outside $30 a ticket for that shit.
Fuck no man.
Can dummy.
Dummy.
Can I tell you what I discovered?
You know how you and I talk about how we suffer for years before we make slight,
like we would use one phone charger in the house versus just by five.
So for 40 years I've been wearing shoes without socks and I fucking hate it.
I hate it so much.
My feet are very sweaty and I fucking ruined shoes and my feet are sweaty all
day and I just hate,
hate,
hate it.
So I was like,
can I talk to you about that?
I was like,
wait to people,
like,
do you wear socks and slip on shoes?
And you go,
yeah,
you can buy invisible socks.
They're like barely cover your foot.
Yeah.
Did you just buy,
I've just bought them on Amazon using our banner,
your mom's house,
podcast.com.
Click on the banner at the top of the homepage and um,
it's changed my whole life and now I,
I like,
I'm so much happier about it.
My feet don't sweat all day and only took 40 years to figure out that that's
what people have been doing.
You,
I mean,
you've seen me with little ankle socks so many times,
but you know what I think and my fucked up eastern black brain.
Those are not for me.
Oh,
right.
Those are what fancy people have crazy brains do that.
Your brain will do that to you.
I don't deserve ankle socks.
What do you Bougie?
I went to the chiropractor,
the human mechanics and I've noticed that like I'm getting a slight hump at the
top of my back and I was just like,
well,
I'll just be there.
It's like one of the first thing he said,
he's like,
Oh yeah,
I can get that out of you.
Make a couple adjustments.
Isn't that amazing?
Any better?
It's already better,
but yeah,
that we just accept the battery years now.
Just that'll hurt bad.
I know.
It's so stupid.
My of the tooth that I just,
the crown,
I just got replaced.
That thing hurt me for like five years.
Yeah.
Five years.
I would have to floss around it.
It would hurt every time I ate something that would get food,
we'll get caught in it.
And I was like,
well guess I have to suffer.
It's expensive to replace a crown.
Can't do that.
Just let your teeth hurt.
My mouth hurt a lot.
Um,
let's tell him right now,
cause this is passive fucking big month.
Big Mud.
Big words.
Yeah,
you're a,
you only have a couple of weeks left.
I'm so pumped.
First of all,
I want to thank everybody that came out to Denver.
Comedy works a big shout out to the mommies who work at the comedy works.
Apparently they're huge fans of the show and they played Mom's house music all
weekend and it was such a thrill and thank you to all the mommies who came out.
It was truly a wonderful weekend.
So coming up,
I've only got June 16th and 17th at the punchline in man Fran disco to run my
hour before I tape it.
Oh,
I do one more show at the u who room it flip pairs comedy club in Burbank.
June 22nd June 24th is the big day.
You can put your name on a list and they will contact you and you will get
tickets to my tapings.
June 24th in Seattle at the shoebox theater.
Go to thousand ranch.com.
Click on the link there,
put your info in and they will contact you.
Like I said,
there's two shows,
seven and nine 30 and I'm really stoked you guys.
I'm like,
I'm fucking ready to do this double barrels.
Tommy's going to come with me and for me.
I'll be up there.
You're going to massage me and keep me calm.
Yeah,
it's going to be awesome.
I'm going to be in a fucking frenzy that day.
I'm really stoked.
I'm so happy for you.
It's without Eugene.
I would be nothing.
Please because of you please.
You're my gene.
I have it.
Huge announcement.
You're non binary and nonbinary.
I'm Polly.
Um,
this Friday the ninth,
not only am I doing a showing tucks in Arizona,
the next day is Reno and the next day is uh,
Pachanga in Temecula.
I'm going to Spanish word for pussy.
It is,
but not only am I doing those shows this weekend,
but on Friday,
September,
no,
June 9th,
all my fall dates going on sale.
Wow.
My second leg of the no teeth,
no entry tour.
Go on sale.
Why?
It's a lot.
I'm coming to Lincoln,
Nebraska,
Lincoln home,
Oklahoma City.
Oh,
Springfield Missoura.
Ah,
Oakland,
California.
DENVER,
Colorado.
Number Albany,
New York Redding,
Pennsylvania.
Portland,
Maine.
UHHH.
Trynna Ontario,
Canada.
Oh,
Ann Arbor.
Indianapolis.
Cleveland,
Saint Louis Fargo.
Albuquerque,
San Antonio,
Austin,
Port Chester,
New York,
Buffalo,
Riverside.
Big Show in Los Angeles and Fart.
Nick's Arizona.
Wow.
All those are on sale this Friday,
June 9th.
Go to Tom segura.com.
Click on the tour page and get your tickets.
That's itchy.
That's how a lot of tourists a lot.
And then your mom's Australia.
That's,
I got mom's Straya your mom's house live.
Let's not vague to plug those two dates.
Yeah,
there's a,
there's August 23rd is in breast Paul's Beach,
Florida at the Palm Beach Improv.
But we have one in July.
Right.
I'm looking it up right now.
We have a July one.
I love when our Internet from Vine,
July 9th,
Irvine Improv and then August 23rd at West Palm Beach.
Yeah,
that should be really fun.
A lot of fun.
I can't wait to do those.
That'll be good.
Yeah.
It's going to be exciting.
Or you go
Tom,
I learned how to do boomerang this morning.
Yeah,
it's cool.
It's best.
Six months after I did,
um,
like,
hey,
you didn't even,
you know,
and I got on this thing called Friendster.
It was really cool.
I forgot to,
uh,
for you.
I had something set up great.
Or your,
uh,
for your tour,
dude.
I,
big debts.
Gold sequins,
Tina.
Do standups.
Now we're talking wow.
Big tits.
And for me it's really neat.
Gold.
See Christina doing stand up.
[inaudible] we're talking,
by the way,
this is one of my favorite things.
We didn't get to last week.
We had my parents on top dog and,
and at a certain point,
you know it went on long enough but there was one point afterwards where I was
trying to show them non binary things just to get their reaction on it.
I looked it up.
So it's 41 minutes in that we've been sitting here at,
my dad was there,
my mom was here,
I'm here,
we have I playing clips and it's that the,
it's the first time where my dad goes,
I don't hear anything.
And this is when we discover that for 41 minutes he didn't have headphones
plugged in but never said anything.
They were on his ear and we're having this conversation,
catch her line and he just never mentioned its definitions here because people
will hear the term non binary and not know what that means.
And in fact some people here,
uh,
non binary and say,
well why not Trans Man or Trans Woman?
How would you answer those two questions?
I want to hear anything.
No,
what do you mean you don't hear anything?
Nothing.
You didn't
hear any of that?
No.
Did you hear that mom?
Yes,
there were.
I didn't hear a word.
No,
that'll work.
Okay.
You hear me in the microphone right now?
No,
you don't hear me right now.
You haven't heard anything this whole time?
No.
You pulled your headphone out.
Where does it go in here?
But he did whatever.
Add it in there the whole time.
I see him doing you lay back and he put it out.
Okay.
Can you hear me now?
Yeah.
I never had it on actually this whole time.
No.
No,
cause they didn't actually wait.
All right.
Once you play these,
uh okay.
And that's how it'd be good hear.
I wasn't out.
He,
he,
I'm never ever,
he didn't even hear what the fuck you were saying.
So like right now he just heard like muted sound cause he put headphones on but
had nothing plugged in but didn't.
Wow.
That's amazing.
And everyone was like,
Oh I don't hear anything through my apropos,
our discussion earlier of like,
well I guess it's just not,
that's how it goes.
It's also exactly like who he is.
I don't really need to hear
right.
As long as I can hear my own thoughts.
And then this was great.
This is when I,
um,
so I got charter to say that.
And then it was,
I was trying to get top dog to say,
I wrote,
I had this joke and Improv joke and if you ever saw the people's mayor,
which is on my youtube page where it's kind of like this parody of Rob Ford,
the old Toronto mayor that I made a couple of years ago with some really
talented people,
you know,
we would improvise lines and I had one where I'm playing that guy and I go,
hey,
how come I come?
If you think you're going to fart and you shit,
there's a name for that.
What about when you think you're going to shit and you fart?
There's no name for that.
So I try to get top dog,
just say it.
This is what it's like to try it again.
Get him to,
to say,
uh,
here we go.
Hold on.
Let's see.
No,
that's the only,
I know there's been another song made for you,
but I don't to see where it is.
That's okay.
Um,
so will you say for me though?
Uh,
do you like big tits and just say,
do you like big tits?
Go See Christina.
She goes wrong.
Yeah.
Okay.
Do you like big debts?
God.
See Christina,
let's do the same thing that go see Christina do standup.
Okay.
Yeah.
Did you like big debts?
Go see Christina doing stand ups.
Now we are talking and you go.
Yeah,
now we're trying to get top.
Don't you say,
oh no.
How come?
Sometimes you think you're going to fart and you shit.
And there's a name for that.
What about when you think you're going to shit and you only fart?
What's that called
when you think you're going to fart and you should,
there's a name for that.
But when you think you're going to shit and you only Fart,
what's that called?
Do you think that that's pretty like
get that out right now if I when you fart.
But Shit,
there's a name for that.
But how come when you shit and you know bar none in front of you struggled to I
can't repeat lines.
That's why.
Yeah.
Okay.
Because the funny thing is I thought it was pretty easy to repeat it.
I wouldn't know
really,
but my mom and resident meeting,
I have to read it cause I can't repeat things back.
If you had it written down,
I can memorize it.
I have to see when you fart and you shit
does your name for that.
No,
no,
no.
When you think you're going to fart and shit,
how come when you think you got far and you shit doesn't matter for that but
then you shit and you think no different though.
You think you're going to show,
you know you're so disorder when you think you're going to shit and then you
fart.
What's that called?
Yeah.
Can you do it all together though?
I'm not sure I'm going to do it.
Yeah,
she's okay.
She's an actor.
She's great that doesn't understand this.
He says how come when he saying he's going to Fart but he shit.
There is a name for bed and then he's one that he keeps asking me all the time
had come where he sees he's willing to ship but don't start.
There's no name for that.
Perfect.
You can do that,
right?
How come?
Well,
I'm going to Fart and I,
shit,
there's a name for that.
What's it called when you think you've got a shed and you only fart?
That's their call.
That's it.
You got it perfect.
That was really good.
And you can do it.
That's how I was.
Good Dad.
That was,
that was perfect.
What is that called?
That's the thing.
So when you think you're going to fart and you should,
it's called a short,
you know,
I didn't know there was a name for this.
So it's like,
you know,
you go,
oh,
and then you're like,
oh shit.
What about you?
I have to take a shit.
And you only fart.
There's no name for that.
There really isn't.
There should be though.
That's what I'm thinking.
What are we can capitalize on that?
I think our audience should write it.
Great idea.
We're going to call it.
What are we going to call that?
Okay,
so when you,
you think you're going to shit,
but you only fart.
What does that mean?
Just to lay it out when you think you're going to fart and you shit is called a
short.
Everybody knows that.
Right?
So you're like,
oh,
you feel confidence to Fart.
Oh,
it comes up.
Well,
what about when you're like,
I gotta take a shit and you just sit down and you fart.
Right.
It's only a disappointment.
Yeah,
but there should be a name for that.
I know.
Okay.
Let's see.
It's not called a dump.
It's called a,
it's like a hump or a slut whisperer.
A slump.
Yeah.
It's not as shit,
but a flit,
flip bump.
Thump.
Thump is like a fart that was done right.
There you go.
It's a fun,
it's a fun and fucked I farted when I should have dumped.
Yeah.
Do you think,
how excited is my dad once somebody comes back to the bet for the bat?
How was it a font?
Yeah.
How excited you think my dad is when he pay like $100,000 for my education and
we just came up with fump.
Well if you,
if you send him some of the responses in these emails within could be very proud
of you.
Yeah,
but dad,
look at all these fump responses.
We get
bumped and a
fump is good.
I like fump.
Fump sounds like a disappointment to want one word.
Like it's a disappointment to fom.
Yeah,
I wanted a dump,
but I farted.
I found no,
I think that that works really good.
Work talks.
I'm okay.
It was only a fump.
Yeah,
right.
Or could have been better,
but it was just a fun just to fump.
Yeah.
No,
you know what that is.
I was hoping for,
but I funk.
It's just a fart.
That's why,
because you're saying I went to shit,
but I just farted.
Then all you did was fart.
You didn't create anything new with a shark.
You creating a new entity.
Correct.
It's a fart with shit in it,
but it's a fart that had expectations.
So it's not just a fart.
I mean a far,
it's all that came out of you,
but it's tied to a bigger idea.
That's what you're saying.
We've created a third idea being the failed failed dump.
Yeah.
So it's a fart that failed in its mission to push out the shit because it was,
my mother used to say thoughts Bush the shit out.
Right?
So when it fails,
it's a failure fart and other words interesting as deep,
Bro.
We gotta put this on the other show.
That was pretty good man.
Well,
let's take some submissions guys,
write us and let us know your mom's podcast@gmail.com what the word is for when
you know house.
It's your mom's podcasts.
We couldn't get that one.
Speaking of farts slept.
Mommy's.
Here's an email.
I recently had a shower time conversation with my beloved wife regarding a very
special type of Fart,
only experienced in shower time situations.
I will tell you after I told my wife I did this,
she gave me the look like I crossed the line.
I guess I can only describe it as Fart gargling and it's really special
sometimes when I need to Fart.
While showering,
I jumped.
I gently cut my head over my ass holding water in a cup like fashion before
letting loose the trumpets.
This results in a gargle like situation that is really neat upon telling my wife
about this because I have never done it in front of her.
She said,
I must be the only one on earth that does such a thing.
I can't be the only one.
Please consult the mommies of the world.
I hope users keep it high and tight with your genes and the clouds.
P K I'll tell you this,
I've never done it,
but I find it fascinating and I'm willing to bet.
There's a lot of listeners that either do that aversion of that or have their
own,
yeah.
Unique fart kind of situation,
you know?
Of course.
Now did it.
You do a thing where you played the trumpet,
where you manipulated your butt cheeks and then made it made different.
Oh,
I really liked doing that.
I really,
really like that.
I like to move my leg and also play with my butt cheeks.
Yeah,
because the pitch will change.
Right?
Or you can even do it by squatting because you know your cheeks will move as you
as you move.
So if you have to bath to Fart and you just do a half squat,
yeah,
you'll hear it.
You'll hear the pitch change.
You know what's really interesting about you is that you close stuff,
slick stuff,
meat,
stock.
You're really a risk taker with these farts because personally I'm afraid to
move too much around because what if the Brown comes down?
Yeah.
I,
I'm just kinda afraid.
I'm confident.
When's the last time you started [inaudible]?
It's been a little while.
A year or two and yeah,
I'm a little nervous to do all that fancy stuff now.
Right.
I know I almost had a bad one.
I had this upper respiratory infection and a couple of weeks ago.
Yeah.
And I took an antibiotic that like is one of the side effects,
like you might get severe diarrhea,
but I'm somebody that always on those side effect things just never gets the
dude.
I got a harsh bout of it.
So I had to quit the antibiotic two days later.
It was still kind of filtering through me.
Me.
Yeah.
I remember one of my first farts confident I went,
I went for it as I was going for it.
I go,
Oh,
you might've done that too soon and it's still,
you know,
hung in there.
It was interesting.
Interesting.
It was,
it was dicey.
You know what I've been having lately?
Remember when I first gave birth to Ellis,
I couldn't hold in farts.
Yeah.
It's kind of comeback.
And I don't know why.
Yeah.
But either that or I'm just not as concerned with who hears the farts anymore.
I don't care.
Yeah.
I've been fighting very freely lately and it feels great.
I don't care.
Can I tell you something?
Shauna told me this weekend that was alarming what?
She said that in her world,
the double pipe classic is not as rare as we say it is that she has them like
every few months.
She doesn't know what she's talking about.
That's what I said.
Yeah,
that's what I said.
We'll have class.
It's very rare.
Right.
She's probably thinking of like a one,
two,
but like equal exit.
That's very rare.
Well,
to get the timing
precise on something like that,
it's really coincidence.
It's really chance Fart,
fart.
Burb right.
You know,
but to have them go at the same time,
very rare.
It's very rare.
And especially as you can try to force it,
you can swallow it and it's not,
that's not a true,
it's not the nature of a double pill.
You can be like,
oh,
I got to Fart in the chamber.
I know I'm about to Fart.
I'm going to swallow some air.
Maybe that's what she's doing.
I feel like she's forcing the issue.
I Shauna,
I wonder if you're not,
it's,
it has to be organic.
That's the whole fun of the double pipe.
This is funny that this came in because blue band prep this.
Yeah.
And he didn't even know what was going to happen today.
And here's what I mean.
Um,
can you read that gene?
It says,
Hey Hitler's after living through the Hashtag Thomas Fat Burdis fat era.
I've admitted that I too am fat.
I have been as Chris Jeans,
I would say making fitness regularly.
So as an act of self bribery.
Sorry.
Oh,
Jean.
it's a Ellis says now.
Oh,
very cute.
Okay.
As an act of self bribery and motivation,
if I go to the gym and make fitness every day in a month,
I am rewarded with a new podcast tee shirt.
May was my first month and I have ordered my brand new Stan on my shirt.
I look forward to sweating through it like a monster in seven to 10 ish days.
Thanks Mommy's for keeping my humor in the toilet and my spirits high as fuck.
Shout out to my main genes,
Mike.
Pop holding it down.
Also,
Tina,
please come to Philly.
I've seen Tommy and burnt and helium.
I need some east coast mainest money.
Love wishing you both fours.
Sarah,
thank you.
Sad and good for you,
Sarah,
that you're working on your fitness.
That's Amaz.
We've gotten people always weigh in.
They tell us like,
oh,
I wish this.
I wish you did that.
With regard to shirts,
one of the things we've heard a lot is I wish you had something for summer and I
wish you had something for fitness.
Right?
And so we paid attention to it.
And now we have a new fitness shirt.
It's a summertime kind of fitness shirt and that it is a,
a tank top.
Um,
that is a little picture.
So I'll see if I can bring up a bigger version of it.
But basically,
um,
it is a tank top.
It says I'm making fitness and it has an actual fitness dude making a kicky foot
on its kicky flooding.
We also did a women's version because people sometimes say like,
Oh,
you only have men.
So it says I'm making fitness just like an eastern block or would say,
yes,
your mom's house underneath it.
And this guy's kicky footing allowed them.
So making fitness tried to make it so that you can wear it to make fitness in
order to the gym,
but you can also wear it,
uh,
because it's about to be hot as fuck outside.
And so this one,
I wonder why you can't just,
you,
you look great.
Let me see.
Oh,
there I am.
You're making your fitness gene here.
I did it in jeans too.
Uh,
so you could see how a real communist would work out in my tank top doing the
heck squat dead lift.
Um,
by the way,
super easy to lift that amount of weight for me.
Okay.
It's true.
This may gain fitness making fit.
Nike fitness
go to a,
if you go to Tom cigarette.com and you click on the
door,
you know,
that's kind of a German thing my grandmother used to say,
uh,
making stuff like when you're not supposed to,
like when you,
when you make backups.
Yeah.
When you're making vegging up and you're like,
you don't have to make it.
And I guess in German,
you know,
they say you make yeah,
when I stand up in the morning,
like,
no,
you get up.
Also.
Do you remember standing so crazy?
Remember last week,
uh,
we played this.
Thank you.
She said,
yeah,
no one celebrates getting together with someone and get married,
but there's no milestone in society that celebrates escaping something awful.
Now it's called happiness and contentment is just called live in a good light.
Right?
Because some people are Erica Anderson,
who of course lives in Brooklyn.
Also married herself.
Scilog it's hard not to adopt whatever societies messages are.
So that was last week.
Well,
hey mommy's,
I heard you guys talking about slog.
It reminded me of this girl at my,
my girlfriend was telling me about she has a parttime makeup artists.
Anytime she and my girl work together,
she comes home,
mentally drained this lunatic.
Apparently Mary's herself yearly.
No,
it's very expensive.
Retreat.
She goes on and her and her sisters marry themselves in some groups ceremony.
This girl does not have any friends and my girl feels bad for her,
so she listens to her when she goes on these hour long rants about how terrible
her life is.
She's a good looking girl,
but completely bat shit crazy.
Yeah.
Love the podcast,
Anton.
Um,
that's why,
cause she's fucking crazy.
Exactly.
Yeah.
And that's why you marry yourself or you're,
nobody wants to marry you because your mom and you are the only two that thank
you,
Mary for material.
Yeah.
She and she's bitching bitches about her life.
So that's what he's saying,
that she's in fucking unhappy Twat.
Yeah.
It's so narcissistic to,
to,
uh,
I'm gonna marry myself and to make this better,
to make people attend that,
oh,
you should do that in silence.
You should go,
you should go out in the woods and be like,
yeah,
this tree married me to myself.
That's it.
There's the don't,
don't have everybody come to that.
You should be ashamed and,
and have the healthy amount of shame attached to that.
Real crazy.
I mean,
isn't life about giving to other people?
Yeah.
To your husband,
to your wife,
to your kids,
to your dogs or your cats,
whatever.
Yeah.
It's about giving,
not taking you.
Fuck.
We also
last week,
it's a fucking crazy fuck it.
Don't marry yourself.
Just keep fucking fucking people till you find the one you like,
you know,
and that,
the problem is they don't want to get their lives and don't want to go to
therapy to figure out why they're so miserable and instead they go,
but I'm a strong woman.
Nobody can handle me.
I'm so strong,
like no booboo.
Interesting accent.
Hmm.
They handle me.
There's this,
okay.
I'll tell you why.
There's a girl on Instagram and this black girl I follow and she's always
posting that I like her post,
but she's always complaining that men don't lagger cause she's so strong.
That's because you're coming across kind of shitty.
Yeah.
Out of your mind.
Last week we also discussed,
we showed you shacks,
horrendous.
His size,
22 demon foot and that was fun.
Uh,
you also brought up is a triple d sluts since he's got,
well he's divorced 22 feet,
so I dunno,
he's divorced but he's out there.
He plays the field and he was a good time.
He said girlfriends,
but it also brought about the discussion that I'm maybe shacks Dong.
There's cause there's been stories,
you know,
um,
there's been stories that,
not that it's like a,
you know,
a baby dick just for being on a giant.
Right.
It might not be in proportion worries about this.
Really.
Yeah.
People I've heard room,
like I've heard everything from like,
it is really small to like,
I actually got to sports reporters that I know texted me this week and they
said,
hey man,
I was listening to the podcast.
I've seen Shaq naked multiple times and it is not small.
They're like,
no,
it's not small at all.
Yeah.
Well that's good.
I trust the sports reporter.
Oh,
I trust them over anyone.
But we did get this email.
Um,
oh,
how funny.
This is fun.
I love to see Shaq stick.
Yeah,
I wouldn't shoot.
I'm so curious.
Of course.
Um,
a few people,
I'd like to see their dicks.
Oh,
there's a lot of people.
I want to see their dicks.
Who Do you want to see besides most people?
Me Too.
I feel like I'd like to see people make it.
I think I'd like to see their genitals.
Yeah,
I think,
I dunno,
you kind of,
but you know what's funny is that any way that it comes across,
you're going to have another words.
Let's see.
You see somebody,
you're like,
I've always wanted to see this person's Dick or naked and they're super
confident and they got a big Dick.
You're like,
you're like,
you're,
you'll tie it and you'll go,
oh,
well that's why he's so confident.
But then the same guy,
it can be super confident with a little one.
And it's like,
I dunno does,
if it's little,
you go,
that's weird.
He's confident,
but he's not like,
it's still goes one way or the other.
Right?
Like you don't really first now and he's not an indicator,
it's not going to really,
I think you make it,
you make the assumption that it's the [inaudible] here,
but I don't know that it necessarily is.
That's my point here.
Yeah.
I feel like I can tell what a girl's vagina will like based on her face and her
build.
Like I can be like,
aw,
that's just like a,
hang on.
I can tell you that confidence thing is not necessarily tied to that to dick
size.
Awesome.
Insecure guys.
It's true.
Because I've known both ways.
Yeah.
It's not,
it's not,
it's not full spectrum.
Big Puerto Rican hogs.
Those guys are full of confidence.
But a,
it's not correlated to confidence.
No,
no.
Because I've known guys that had the larger and they're totally we and totally
sad.
And then I know guys are small painters who are the most delightful,
confident,
uh,
caring.
How do you know about fashion?
Penis?
So many.
So many,
so many.
So you're saying that you've been with a guy,
the spectrum,
but you've been with guys that had big ones that were not competent.
Yes.
That's actually the least confident of my boyfriends.
The one who had the most emotional problems had a pretty girthy one on him.
Really?
And you would never guess.
Yeah.
See,
I don't feel,
I don't find that now that I know things now that that's shocking.
You know,
I'm saying I don't,
it's not that shocking.
Yeah.
Well cause there's other things that go into somebody's personality and you
know,
they could have a childhood thing and it's really how you're raised.
I think the ridiculed for their girthy penis,
I just think there's more than a guy's penile size that determines his
emotional,
mental personality.
Here's an email about Shaq's.
Okay.
Um,
this thing is operating really slowed and I wish we could see people naked.
Is there an app or you can like,
you can guess what they look like naked maybe.
Hey,
genes originally heard a story about Shaq and his hog.
Someone I know was at a urinal and none other than Shaq diesel himself walked up
and stood next to him.
Her,
please don't you shoot down.
Couldn't help but look over it to witness what he thought was going to be a
black iguana hanging there.
And to his surprise,
it was a very average size pener shack caught him,
her looking and said crazy,
right.
Huge big words,
Called himself.
Huge big word with a tiny dick.
In other words,
he made light of it.
An average Dick on a monster.
Definitely.
It looks miniscule.
Keep 'em high and tight and get and get a hand job from your grandpa and a
Ferris wheel and fuck purified water slugged Sam.
Thanks Sam.
So I think,
but I think that's where the rumors that I heard first came from,
it's never that his was tiny,
is that he's a legit gigantic human being with a regular size pener.
Maybe it's not even regular.
Maybe it's definitely above regular,
but that it's on a monster.
He's seven one and in his retirement,
wait,
he's probably three 40 that's correct.
I mean that's,
that's a guy that his head is probably near those lights up there,
you know,
and his,
his is,
it's,
he's more than the width of that.
Doorframe so somebody like that,
you're like,
oh my God.
I mean it's,
it should look like a fucking like one of these poles posts right here,
you know?
So that's what I think it comes from.
Well Shakeel if you're listening,
if you'd go ahead and send us a picture of your Dick,
that'd be great.
He would show it to you in person.
I'm sure.
Just come over and show us your Dick.
I don't know if he'd do that,
but I think if you were to track him down,
he has an la residents,
but he lives primarily in Florida.
Okay.
We'll just fly over and show us your Dick.
Nope,
there you heard it back.
Hopefully we can never knew Dick,
many famous people listened to our show.
That's true.
Shakeel could be listening right now.
If I see that,
then I'd be like,
[inaudible]
what does,
I'm going to set it off.
Um,
this I got,
oh my God,
this,
I can't help.
But,
but just almost weep when I see things like this,
and this is where I'm the biggest advocate for ending your own life,
is when I see things like this
[inaudible].
This is a roll call.
Get some job orientation where you're supposed to say your name and you say like
what your interests are and you have to do it while you're clapping and
screaming.
I'm out,
I think,
right?
Then I stand up.
This is what white people do.
Right?
Then I'd be like,
quit.
Even if you were texting me like,
the baby needs diapers.
There's no food at home.
I'd be like,
I'm going to go rob somebody right now.
I think this is why we dropped out of the system.
It's pretty,
it's exactly meetings like this that a team building things,
God did clapping it.
The quarterly earnings,
listen,
oh my God,
blow my fucking brains out.
Or the worst is like somebody wrote,
what would you do if you were a in the audience,
if you were forced to do a Shaboo IA roll call.
I go to the bathroom and hide like I have diarrhea.
I can't do this.
Shibuya rollcall.
Ooh,
yeah.
I remember like team building days where they'd make you do like trust falls and
all those things are they do they love that team thing?
Man,
it's so demeaning.
Can't you just pay me my check and let me go home?
I know a couple people that work at whole foods and it's all about the team.
That team,
a team leader will be here later.
I had some question for the guy.
He goes,
well,
our team leader will be here in a little bit,
and I was like,
who the fuck's your team leader while he's the general manager?
Yeah.
Okay.
It's a fancy word for general manager.
You're not a team.
This is not a fun
thing.
Team implies fun that we're all going to be playing a sport later.
That's the psychology of it,
right?
Make you think you're fine fun and there were all in this together.
We're all equal.
There's no hierarchy.
Yeah,
right.
There's this little hierarchy where the CEO gets stock options,
but yeah,
but you get minimum wage.
It's cool.
Right?
But you're a team.
We're all part of the team.
She gets to wear jeans.
All right,
Bri and Chelsea so far.
Oh my.
Fuck.
I mean,
this guy,
I feel like I can see him smiling.
I don't even know how you're smiling.
It's all dudes that are like,
oh boy,
do I have to really do this?
I think they're things that they're getting a watch cute girls and they're like,
oh,
cool.
Right?
And they're like,
no,
you're participating in this now.
Oh my God,
you're going to do this
pirates.
That's what they're doing.
[inaudible] this is so embarrassing.
Oh,
this is price Waterhouse Cooper.
Oh my God.
This is a big company.
This is terrible.
Like how depressing it is to under these horrible neon lights.
You know,
these depressing office lights.
You know what I mean?
Isn't work hard enough for people?
Like,
isn't it enough that you have to wake up every morning traffic,
uh,
sit there,
work hard,
sit in traffic,
go home,
do it again five days a week,
and then they have to demean you with these fucking meetings and make you sing
like a donkey.
It's demeaning.
Let these people just do their job and go home.
Why do you have to fuck with them?
Have some respect.
My name is Tom.
Yeah.
Yeah,
to shit.
Yeah.
Shrimp last night.
It's going to come out my day.
Yeah.
My name is Kristen <UNK>.
Great job.
I got tickets go down to my knees.
I like to share.
Yeah,
I liked his knees.
What do you say?
It's so dumb.
What are you getting?
What are you going to share?
Like your intimate,
I know.
That's what people like.
Baseball.
I like to dance.
Give me a chance.
I was so fucking
okay.
I like to Fart.
Yeah.
And smell it too.
I cut my farts and the shower was Tom.
Yeah,
this is a can
I'll say at once.
Yeah.
And then they just stopped clapping and they're like,
I'm sorry.
What did he want you to fuck me in my ass,
man.
I just end
the whole thing and they're like,
hey,
you gotta get out of here.
You're fired.
I thought it was my first day.
She boom.
What a fucking,
I hate stuff like that.
Shaboo yeah,
it's really fucking nightmare.
I don't know.
I'm
really slow today.
When you click on myself in the shower.
Yeah.
I spread my butt cheeks.
I fry.
Yeah.
I spread my butt cheeks.
Oh wipe it hard.
I shit on a day.
I push it
like a tart.
My name is Tom.
I'm fucking,
I'm proud to have come out as polyamorous and now I'm excited to share with
that.
I'm bisexual
tall.
Oh,
that'd be great if he's like I'm Paulien by,
what did he say?
I'm mostly nonbinary.
Yeah,
your Pronoun.
You could just ruin like if you had a bunch of people and they were queued up to
say fucked up thing,
you could ruin their whole thing.
They would.
That would be fantastic.
That'd be the only way to get through this and corporate oppression.
Hi,
my name is Tom.
I like fun times.
Yeah,
I'm going to get married to my mom.
What am I married my mom soon.
My name is Christina.
Yeah,
I drink a lot of con.
Good job.
Okay.
Christina.
Jesus.
You did that.
They wouldn't be able to throw you out.
They'd have to like respect,
respect your pronouns or they have to respect your pronoun and also like if you
were like,
yeah,
I'm really going on this.
Come strike.
They'd have to go like Jesus Christ.
Like we can't,
we can't fire her because there'd be a lawsuit.
Oh yeah.
Any fun?
I know how everybody's so fucking,
I like blue.
It was one more thing.
I don't like Jews.
Uh,
hey guys,
why'd you stop clapping?
Hello.
And they're like,
um,
cause that one they'd fire you for and then you're like,
you're like,
my name is Tom.
I could be bigger.
Uh Yup.
God Damn.
I don't like go ahead.
I'm not saying it remix in it.
Next week.
Song you can use.
There's all kind that you have said before.
I can't do that.
How come?
Because there's too many out there of me saying it.
There's too many.
No,
there's not.
No there's not.
There's too many.
What are you talking about?
Go for it.
No,
you go for it.
you go,
you go for him.
Go for it.
No Way.
She didn't say that.
Go for is too sweet.
Nicolette.
I couldn't believe it.
She was saying that I really in my brain,
I was like,
it's Nicholas.
There's no way anybody can say what she's saying.
Hey Hitler.
I wonder how dany acts are doing.
I want to it like we got to look.
Got to find her.
See what she's doing.
I don't know what she's doing.
Hey Hitler.
Nathaniel.
Actually I want,
I had the place I want to share.
It is not on your map around in,
in your mouth.
This is what I was looking for.
This is what I was looking for here.
[inaudible]
that was the original.
That was the original depressing corporate fun.
God,
I was terrible.
That was crazy.
That was the word.
Sharing the things you like.
Yes.
I love it this way.
It's is the worst work orientation at a big
corporate retreat showing you things you like,
man.
Some photos
I can not kids someday.
Ready.
Social.
Good job guys.
Just searching for the story
we posted soon that grab the ground.
Nobody calls it
social.
That's the guy that wrote it.
That guy.
The other guy.
Yeah.
He takes full credit.
Remember in the beginning I wrote,
this
doesn't work here.
Everybody line up.
I feel like this is how blue band got hired.
This was his hazing.
Okay.
Would you rather be in that room smelling all those smells?
You don't have to fuck anybody,
but that's your orientation is watching guys fuck each other and you smell it or
it's the Shibuya orientation.
Oh fuck.
I'll be real.
Think about this.
So either be in a boot hockey room and you just,
you're close.
How close are you?
You're right in the mix.
You're this close to guys fucking and sucking and ground.
You're not participating.
You don't have to,
it's an orientation to work.
You're going to start working at this company and this is what they sell and
these videos,
but they want you to be familiar with the products and you know how to sit
through a live filming or,
or it's the Shibuya Song.
When you work at,
you know this company and you got to fucking do the roll call.
Here's my
definitely
watch that.
Definitely I would watch guys but fucking shitting on each other,
smearing the shit on their face.
Like,
Hey,
my name is Kaylee and I like a good time.
No,
fuck that.
I like the cubs.
Wow.
Kaylee,
you really dug deep on that for all of us to get to do that.
They never share anything truly interesting either.
It's all surface level.
Like I like the color blue,
like everybody does dip shit.
So the,
I know it's fucking so stupid.
One of the,
uh,
what do you masturbate to Kylie?
Like,
let's hear that you remember we watched one of the origins of getting Dan Pena
or world,
it was finding him on these interviews and talking about like,
I'm not a cunt.
You're a cunt.
Brian.
Brian,
while you're fucking poor Brian,
that guy has a show.
I think it's called London real.
Yes.
And he had on this sexual,
um,
I dunno,
the tantric kind of teacher.
Yeah.
And so I haven't seen this yet,
but there's clips of this guy
breaking down.
What's that?
You're very handsome.
Thank you.
Very beautiful.
I like you too.
Sure.
Maybe we can come to us.
Why don't we practice with this guy teaches?
I have no idea.
I really have no idea what you're talking about.
That's good.
And tell them,
so the women practice on the egg.
What did the men do?
The men,
the first thing they have to practicing,
they would call sharpening the knife.
I have an idea of what I think I know.
Okay.
So the whole key is less simple.
You get an oil.
We caught the baby oil,
baby oil,
put it in and now you put the peanuts to warm up in the cold winter.
You warm them up,
you get a hot towel and you make it a warm and you put here,
make sure all the blood flow.
Okay.
Oh so far I like,
I like what he's going with so far.
He's putting a hot towel on his painter,
which is great.
Warm up,
warm.
It's a warm towel.
Not a hot.
Yeah.
Well,
okay.
You want to burn?
Get some blood in there.
Now you get the penis out.
Yeah,
you pull the skin.
A lot of people,
they never succumb.
Census.
Certainly hundreds of cans.
So you pulled the skin and you get the oil in the hand and your right hand go
like this to rob,
Rob,
rob,
especially on the Klan Penis.
Rub them throwing at the time.
Ras 50 Times.
You make them strong and not sensitive.
Okay,
so you're,
you said the glands,
which is near the tippy top.
You know right there,
that right below the tippy top,
that's your glands,
right?
Did the time once one left,
right side,
left side.
If you're town from 50 time,
bet 50 Tom down.
I love that.
He keeps,
how sure am I doing this?
You have to do every day until you can control every day.
Oh,
every day.
I don't think anybody can read themselves that much without
sharpening the knife.
Argued on traveling the night.
That's the number one.
Number two,
you have to learn how to contracting the prostate gland.
Oh,
Jesus.
Learn to contract your prostate gland
fucking thing.
I have a feeling it's going to be gruesome.
Um,
you want me to start doing this?
I know.
I don't think you can control yourself.
50 50.
That's like 200 strokes on that thing and nothing happens.
No Way.
It's not possible,
dude.
No,
the end,
this is different thing.
Okay.
So people cannot separate and they,
they,
they don't know what the square on the,
and they just don't work because they're a new contract.
The prosthetist,
because male g spot is in prostate gland.
Right?
So when you contract the prostate gland in the front,
and you feel energy activate here,
so as you contract and you feel here accurate,
now you do it right.
Now,
would you have sex with this guy?
No.
No,
but just because you know,
he knows so no,
nope.
Take away.
Just listen.
Take away that like a mayor,
like just,
I'm just saying,
there's no,
uh,
marriage vows involved.
It's just like on a physical level.
This guy is a sex guru.
But what if you are promised,
listen,
one of your friends goes,
I was with Kim here and I,
I didn't know his name's Kim.
I don't,
I had an earth shattering orgasm.
Like I came to the point where I was just like,
I,
I was screaming.
I had,
uh,
my leg kick through a wall and I wept for an hour.
It is the greatest feeling I've ever had in my life.
I can set you up with them,
would you?
Here's why I'm going to decline.
I respectfully,
because I can't get over this guy aesthetically.
Now you put him in Ryan Gosling's body.
Yeah,
absolutely.
With no,
but that's the thing though,
is what I'm saying is let's say somebody isn't to the eye a 10 and stunning to
you,
but they're,
their ability is through the roof.
Yeah.
But for me,
sex is mental.
So if I'm not mentally attracted,
physically attractive,
can't even get there to lay here close I cornrows or,
yeah,
I know.
He doesn't say it like,
that's fine.
He just says,
Hi
Gaza.
I close.
I right,
so you have a little blind fold on.
And then he's just like,
Kinda like it.
I don't like it.
I can't believe you don't want this.
I don't like him.
I don't like the Vegan Vagina Guy.
I don't like,
I don't like creepers.
He's a creeper dude.
He's a nice guy.
He's not a nice guy.
Zach.
Alation,
the threshold of the declaration if I'm the prospect and contracting,
okay,
so I'm exercising far.
People have prospect land stolen up a problem.
This one who solved the problem,
okay,
just need 312,
300 300 times.
These guys would just,
uh,
you know what they're called?
Mm.
Perverts.
I eat the ass and pussy all the time.
I got nothing.
They're perverts.
These are guys who like to jerk their cocks.
24,
seven and he jerks his dick so much that he thinks he's a guru.
He's an expert on a Dick Jagger.
Yes.
All these people are just overly horn.
Now the question is for me,
what?
I led this Guy Jack my dick.
Yes,
because he's so good at it and the answer is a resoundingly yes.
Okay.
How about this?
Let's say it's a woman.
We put this guy,
let's say it's him in,
but yeah,
it's like a old ass woman.
It's like that.
What'd you marry your mom?
Mom.
That's the lady who's got to give you a hand job.
What'd you marry?
Oh,
right,
right.
It's her.
If,
if I'm being told this is the greatest thing ever.
Sure,
sure it wouldn't,
she wouldn't bother you?
No,
not rapping.
I mean if I'm at her.
Yeah,
but what if she's just like,
you lay here,
you know he's,
and he cut,
he comes in,
he goes cover close,
close.
I yeah.
And he's like,
yeah,
I dunno if he's known as the top.
I think I would.
I would think so.
I think it'd be awesome.
It was fucking tight places you want to stress.
How much do you hate it when they stretch?
You hate it.
Stop stretching me.
It's the least relaxing thing.
They also forget cause sometimes if I go I'll be like,
hey,
uh,
no stretching and they go,
no stretching.
No,
I don't want to be stretched.
And then the can't believe it.
30 minutes in there's a like my legs move.
I go,
hey,
hey.
And they're like,
ah,
yeah,
no stretching.
I hate that.
And you know what?
I also hate when they crack your knuckles,
when they pull your fucking fingers out of the joints.
Like,
dude,
stop,
stop.
That doesn't feel good.
Or they pull your toes and everything off.
Awesome.
And now you're doing it until you feel awesome.
Okay,
I'm going to feel ops all guests him without.
Okay.
Oh yeah.
So you feel,
so you see when you do,
when you watch the saying is very quick to two times again
when you squeeze,
it's all guests.
I'm comes throw up.
How do you even watch this guy?
That was awesome.
So disgust.
It was awesome.
And now you do it.
You feel,
oh gosh,
some without calculation.
Please don't make me watch.
So you feel so you see when you do,
when you get it,
it's very quick to two times.
You get it,
please.
Oh God.
Oh my God.
It's so disgusting.
He looks like Yoda.
Does any,
any sounds like those guys started to laugh too.
He's like,
I'm watching you cough
when you squeeze this all guests.
I'm coming up.
I pictured
I pictured the two.
Yeah.
When he does that I picked for him.
Go ahead and you like,
oh yeah,
yeah,
I squeeze my Dick.
Yoda motherfucker.
You
imagine hearing that sound like
that's what you're telling when you're with them though.
That's what you're going to hear.
I know rob.
Rob.
Yes.
What he's doing,
Tom?
Yeah.
Rob.
Rob Ruff.
What if he just comes and then you're like,
what about me?
No,
I'm done.
He's like Ukraine to the on the penis.
Throw up.
Yeah.
What if you had to get a massage and he's your massage therapist,
but then that's the finale to it.
He comes,
so the finale is,
he's like,
you're like,
what's going on?
He's like,
I'm done,
but it's like the best massage of the world.
You just have to watch him come.
Thank you,
sir.
Yeah,
seriously.
What if no,
really?
Let's consider it.
What if he gives a really good massage,
but then at the end he comes like,
I think I'm fine with it.
It doesn't come on me.
Right?
No,
it's not a,
it's not an invisible companies like he was just doing.
Yeah.
I'd be like,
all right,
if it was the best one ever,
you would be in such a relaxed state that he's,
you know what?
You know what happens in that relaxed state?
You,
you're cool with more.
Like in other words,
you're like,
you're,
you're down with whatever somebody wants to do.
So if he's like,
now I'm going to come,
you'd be like,
all right,
are you ready?
If it's anonymous,
but wait,
don't wait.
Close your eyes.
Close Your eyes,
close your eyes,
close your eyes.
Close your eyes.
All right.
Right now you're in such a relaxed though.
Listen,
you're in such a relaxed state.
You're,
you're barely on the brink of consciousness.
you're,
you're like Jello.
And he goes,
he goes,
he sees end of those session and you go,
oh,
thank you.
Oh wait,
outside the room with a hot tea.
And you go,
okay.
And then he goes,
that's all you hear.
And then he just,
he just came.
Why don't you like that?
It's nice.
He's so creepy.
Okay,
what if it listen to this?
what if he's a chef and he makes the most awesome food?
It's a personal chef and he's over at her house and he's making you like an
exotic seven course meal.
Okay,
but the payment is,
you have to watch him come like that
and he stands there.
You're done eating.
You see furniture designer now your bill.
Oh,
okay.
And he stands there and he gets totally naked.
And you watch him do the 50 50 50 lingam thing?
Yeah.
And then he and the grand finale as he comes on your lap.
Wait,
why does he have to come on your lats?
Just part of his thing.
That's payment.
What do you mean he comes on your thighs?
Yes.
You got the dinner Napkin.
You've got the dinner Napkin there,
you finished your meal at the grand finale.
He's like,
did you like that meal?
You Go,
yeah.
He goes,
now I have not.
The payment is now.
And he goes,
open your eyes watching me come.
And then he goes 50 so it's one,
two oh.
Oh my God.
And he does it 50 times and then he does his anal glands and then he comes
and enjoy meal.
That's it.
Well,
you have to watch it.
You have to watch every stroke over.
How good is the dinner?
It's so good.
It's a,
it's like a Michelin Star.
100% watch it.
I would 100%.
Why wouldn't you?
Yeah.
That's not a lot to pay for a good meal.
But you're watching that guy come and stroke his dick for,
I mean that's 300 strokes.
It's going to be a while.
But here's what I would ask.
Can I eat dessert through that?
I'll kill time until you feel
exactly like right.
So you feel so you see when you do keep looking good.
I ain't got to pay for dinner.
When you squeeze this all gets them coming up.
I gotta pay for this meal.
So would you do that?
That's not that much to pay for a really good dinner.
Well then I don't understand why you wouldn't let him make love to you.
What?
It's,
you're going to have a great time.
No,
I don't like it.
I'm very selective of who I let do that to me.
Call me crazy.
Uh,
50 times that site.
We have Tom Foster your payment to Tom that fit the time thou so a lot.
It's a lot of off it.
Am I doing this?
You have to do every day until you can control.
Who can really fuck though?
Stop it.
I'm serious.
He can really fuck.
He nasty as hell.
He's not fucking nobody.
He's jerking his Dick 300 times a day.
If you were fucking on the regular,
he wouldn't be doing this hog stroking.
Oh my gosh.
Okay.
That's my new favorite song.
It's so horrible.
Vegan Vagina.
I don't know what's worse.
The vegan vagina guy or this guy.
I hate them both now.
Vegan vagina guys will way worser.
He Nasty.
All right,
we got it.
Go.
God,
that was so gross.
I'm so disappointed.
I'm so angry.
We closed on him hot.
It's not hot.
It's hot outside in here.
It's freezing.
My feet are cold selling outside.
We're going to go swimming now.
Okay.
I love you.
Can we get new?
She okay.
Let's see.
We have here this nasty as hell.
MMM.
Big tits fart song by bizarre theory.
Cool.
All right,
I like it.
Thanks for listening to the show.
Please go to your mom's house,
podcast.com a mom towns Palm Palm Canyon.
And uh,
for Christina,
go 2000 ranch.com and a four mine,
Tom,
cigarette.com.
Thanks again
and uh,
that's it.
Thanks guys.
Thanks Jean.
Yeah.
Oh Ron,
why are you saying rock right?
Holy Shit
that
you could have to afford.
Why don't we do this show?
Please don't.
This
can't happen
this amount back man.
What the fuck is that?
He fired in the car when you were on the way to the country club party to booze.
How ugly.
Oh my God.
Remember when they fired it in front of our nanny?
We
all have our take a print in the interim since okay.
Needed we go to a doctor sooner.
Sleep.
You like your new bro?
Me Guy breathing loudly.
G
offers like mason
reminding Ticketmaster to
flying along and jumping up and down the waist.
If you Google g boobs,
you'll find,
is that true?
So you want to get into the real tense.
You got to go
Google European Bra sizes versus American.
Okay.
Broad.
It's,
it's ill fitting was exciting to him because it falling out of it.
He wants them spelling out.
Interesting.
Can you show me how we
want to know if you can show them?
How does.